sim/cockpit2/tcas/indicators/relative_bearing_degs    float[64]    y    degrees    Relative bearing of each other plane in degrees for TCAS - relative to sim/flightmodel/position/true_psi not ground track or anything else
sim/cockpit2/tcas/indicators/relative_distance_mtrs    float[64]    y    meters    Distance to each other plane in meters for TCAS
sim/cockpit2/tcas/indicators/relative_altitude_mtrs    float[64]    y    meters    Relative altitude (positive means above us) for TCAS
sim/cockpit2/tcas/indicators/tcas_alert    int    y    boolean    True if a TCAS alert is currently issued.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/indicators/tcas_num_acf    int    n    integer    If TCAS is not overriden by plgugin, returns the number of planes in X-Plane, which might be under plugin control or X-Plane control. If TCAS is overriden, returns how many targets are actually being written to with the override. These are not necessarily consecutive entries in the TCAS arrays.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/modeS_id    int[64]    y    integer    24bit (0-16777215 or 0 - 0xFFFFFF) unique ID of the airframe. This is also known as the ADS-B "hexcode".
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/modeC_code    int[64]    y    integer    Mode C transponder code 0000 to 7777. This is not really an integer, this is an octal number.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/flight_id    byte[512]    y    string    7 character Flight ID, terminated by 0 byte. ICAO flightplan item 7.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/icao_type    byte[512]    y    string    7 character ICAO code, terminated by 0 byte. C172, B738, etc... see https://www.icao.int/publications/DOC8643/Pages/Search.aspx
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/x    float[64]    y    meter    local X coordinate, meter. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/y    float[64]    y    meter    local Y coordinate, meter. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/z    float[64]    y    meter    local Z coordinate, meter. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/lat    float[64]    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/lon    float[64]    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/ele    float[64]    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/vx    float[64]    y    meter/s    local X velocity. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/vy    float[64]    y    meter/s    local Y velocity. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/vz    float[64]    y    meter/s    local Z velocity. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/vertical_speed    float[64]    y    feet/min    absolute vertical speed feet per minute. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/hpath    float[64]    n    degrees    ground track in true degrees. Derived from velocity vector.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/vpath    float[64]    n    degrees    flight path angle in degrees. Derived from velocity vector.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/V_msc    float[64]    n    meter/s    total true speed, norm of local velocity vector. That means it includes vertical speed!
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/psi    float[64]    y    degrees    true heading orientation. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/the    float[64]    y    degrees    pitch angle. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/phi    float[64]    y    degrees    bank angle. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/weight_on_wheels    int[64]    y    boolean    ground/flight logic. Writeable only when override_TCAS is set.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/gear_deploy    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_gear_deploy[0]
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/flap_ratio    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_flap_ratio
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/flap_ratio2    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_flap_ratio2
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/speedbrake_ratio    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_speedbrake_ratio
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/slat_ratio    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_slat_ratio
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/wing_sweep    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_wing_sweep
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/throttle    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_throttle[0]
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/yolk_pitch    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_yolk_pitch
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/yolk_roll    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_yolk_roll
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/yolk_yaw    float[64]    y    ratio    mirror of sim/multiplayer/position/planeN_yolk_yaw
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/lights    int[64]    y    bitfield    beacon=1, land=2, nav=4, strobe=8, taxi=16
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane1_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane1_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane1_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane2_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane2_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane2_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane3_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane3_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane3_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane4_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane4_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane4_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane5_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane5_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane5_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane6_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane6_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane6_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane7_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane7_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane7_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane8_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane8_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane8_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane9_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane9_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane9_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane10_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane10_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane10_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane11_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane11_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane11_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane12_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane12_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane12_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane13_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane13_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane13_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane14_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane14_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane14_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane15_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane15_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane15_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane16_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane16_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane16_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane17_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane17_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane17_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane18_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane18_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane18_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane19_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane19_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane19_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane20_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane20_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane20_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane21_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane21_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane21_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane22_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane22_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane22_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane23_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane23_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane23_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane24_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane24_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane24_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane25_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane25_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane25_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane26_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane26_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane26_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane27_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane27_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane27_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane28_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane28_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane28_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane29_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane29_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane29_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane30_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane30_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane30_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane31_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane31_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane31_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane32_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane32_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane32_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane33_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane33_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane33_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane34_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane34_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane34_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane35_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane35_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane35_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane36_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane36_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane36_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane37_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane37_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane37_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane38_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane38_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane38_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane39_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane39_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane39_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane40_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane40_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane40_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane41_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane41_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane41_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane42_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane42_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane42_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane43_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane43_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane43_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane44_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane44_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane44_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane45_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane45_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane45_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane46_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane46_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane46_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane47_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane47_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane47_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane48_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane48_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane48_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane49_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane49_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane49_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane50_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane50_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane50_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane51_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane51_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane51_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane52_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane52_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane52_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane53_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane53_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane53_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane54_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane54_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane54_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane55_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane55_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane55_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane56_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane56_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane56_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane57_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane57_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane57_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane58_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane58_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane58_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane59_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane59_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane59_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane60_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane60_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane60_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane61_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane61_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane61_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane62_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane62_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane62_ele    double    n    meter    global coordinate, meter.
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane63_lat    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
sim/cockpit2/tcas/targets/position/double/plane63_lon    double    n    degrees    global coordinate, degrees
